Name of Student: Alex Adamovic

Name of Project: mind.set

Project's Purpose or Goal: (What will it do for users?)

mind.set is a platform where users are encouraged to get into a positive frame of mind by engaging with prompts / activities that require the user to recall and track their own good memories and life events, list positive traits about themselves, give themselves complements or words of encouragement, etc. Unlike a typical mental health tracking app, mind.set is all about giving the user encouragement throughout their day by letting them interact with their own self-generated positive content. There are no generic surveys that feed into charts and graphs reminding you how bad you felt last week compared to the week before. Everything is personalized because YOU are the one writing content for yourself. Ideally, the app can be used in one of two ways: A user will log on to create positive content when they are so inclined, or the user will log on to retrieve a complement, memory, positive trait, etc. when they need a quick boost. The app is meant to be used in short spurts, so there will be no endless scrolling. I want the user to be able to engage with the app in a couple of minutes or less and then get back to their actual lives.

List the absolute minimum features the project requires to meet this purpose or goal:

The MVP for mind.set is for a user to be able to log-in, be able to create at least one form of positive content that will be stored in a database, and then be able to randomly retrieve an entry from that database for the "mood booster" functionality.

What tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, modules and/or other resources (whatever is specific to your track, and your language) will you use to create this MVP? List them all here. Be specific.

The application frontend will be developed in JavaScript using React Native with a Firebase backend. I haven't decided on a particular style library, but most likely tailwind.cs, react-bootstrap, or styled components.

If you finish developing the minimum viable product (MVP) with time to spare, what will you work on next? Describe these features here: Be specific.

-

What additional tools, frameworks, libraries, APIs, or other resources will these additional features require?

Is there anything else you'd like your instructor to know?